# Decentralised Research repository

This repository contains the code and data for modifying the Metropolis 2 scenarios for the decentralised sensitivity study. Refer to the [M2-sensitivity](https://github.com/andubadea/bluesky/tree/M2-sensitivity) ```BlueSky``` code for the relevant plugins needed to run these experiments.

Below is each directory and a summary of what it contains.

* ```M2_data/```.
  * Metropolis 2 scenarios.
  * Metropolis 2 decentralised layers structure json file.

* ```Output_graphics/```.
  * ...

* ```airspace_structure_study/```.
  * Scenarios of the 1to1 structure experiment.
  * The ```layers.json``` of the 1to1 structure.
  * The ```flow_manage.cfg``` settings file for creating this structure with [flowmanage](https://github.com/amorfinv/flowmanage) code.

* ```batch_scenarios/```.
  * The batch scenarios for ```BlueSky```, these are generated by ```BatchScenarioMaker.py```.

* ```data_analysis/```.
  * Code to analyze more data differently than M2 data platform.

* ```data_platform/```.
  * This is a copy of the Metropolis 2 data analysis [platform](https://github.com/Metropolis-2/M2_data_analysis_platform) adapted for this sensitivity study.

* ```flow_control/```.
  * Experiments of different flow control implementation (large and small grid and voronoi cluster sectors)
  * See the ```flow_control/readme.md``` for more information.

* ```heading_based_cr/```.
  * Scenarios of experiment where heading conflict resolution in open airspace is enabled.
  
* ```heading_layer_allocation_study/```.
  * Scenarios of experiment where aircraft must travel on a given set of layers of constrained airspace depending on the heading of their origina and desitnation with flow control enabled and disabled.
  * The ```layers.json``` of this structure.
  * The ```flow_manage.cfg``` settings file for creating this structure with [flowmanage](https://github.com/amorfinv/flowmanage) code.

* ```maps/```.
  * Code for making heatmaps from ```BlueSky``` log files.
  
* ```noflow_scenarios/```.
  * Metropolis 2 scenarios with flow control disabled
  
* ```path_plan_study/```.
  * ....

* ```projectedbasedcd/```.
  * Scenarios where a Projected Based Conflict Detection is used.
  * Scenarios where a State Based conflict detection with a Projected Based Conflict Filter is used.

* ```report/```.
  * Miscellaneous ```QGIS``` images for the journal papers.
  
* ```speed_heterogeneity/```.
  * Scenarios for the 1to1_structure, Metropolis 2 structure, and Heading allocation structure without flow control and with and without Conflict resolution.
  
* ```turn_maps/```.
  * ...
  

